it's really the start of the show in
something pretty special and pretty
unique it's look all fits beautifully in
my hand doesn't it strategically lephone
opens up a whole new market place for us
in China and it sets the stage for us in
the global mobility space it levers
leverages Lenovo's experience in both
PCs and phones to create something
exciting something new something very
different and this device is just
beautifully designed look at it
unbelievable and I like to start there
when we talk about lymphoma let's start
across the front 60 millimeters why a
3.7 inch crystal clear high-resolution
screen 800 x 480 pretty neat and look
we've incorporated a camera on the front
from all that next generation of a video
conferencing and around video chat and I
think this is pretty cool look nowhere
on the front is a button no buttons just
a secondary touch area that I can move
back and forth back menu I can find
anywhere just by a simple Swiper touch
of of that secondary touch area of lip
balm it's like having never lost for
your smartphone well let's take a look
at the side that's really interesting to
just 12 millimeters thick if you're
taking a picture I probably should
tempted to make sure
still see the device of my hands on this
side we also have the volume control up
and down and a really powerful 9 in
connector allowing us to connect
charging and a full set of rib rolls
around speaker game controller docking
pretty easy now let's swing around to
this side on this side we've created a
function P this function key hold it
down and I can do gesture-based
navigation like in google map i simply
move the phone tilt the left till to
riot folding that button and look it
changes the experience on the screen
with LaVon that's pretty neat it's
pretty cool indeed now across the bottom
we have a three-and-a-half millimeter
audio jack pretty beautiful and then
across the top look my skin the top I'll
go back to the top for you on that that
I went to three-millimeter bottom turn
let's do the top now one touch the
screen lock press and hold it the screen
turns off now let's swing around to the
back sorry for those guys back up throw
it and off there in the back you've got
a second camera for your traditional
video capture your still photographs and
then what's also deep and all day all up
always on batteries and we've heard what
everyone said it's replaceable their
easels you try to do that when your
iPhone
it's a heck of a lot thinner than a
blackberry now I think it's pretty neat
what you can do with this tall but let's
jump back for this 9 pin connector again
let's take a look I've already mentioned
that will feel that targeting speakers
game controller how about this how about
a docking station where I can simply
click the phone into the unit and now I
have a full function keyboard device is
locked in embedding our capabilities of
pc and phone together almost creating
what young to talk about on mini pc now
on the bottom built-in speaker and I
have another battery in here so not only
has got all day power with my regular
battery but I have all night power with
my docking station and that's the kind
of power you need here in Las big all
day and all night